Add development README content (#49)
SetProtocol/index-coop-smart-contracts: README.md

</p>

# index

This repo houses the [index-coop][22]'s Solidity smart contracts.

[22]: https://www.indexcoop.com/

## Install (for development)

```
yarn
```

### Run Hardhat EVM

`yarn chain`

### Build Contracts

`yarn compile`

### Generate TypeChain Typings

`yarn build`

### Run Contract Tests

`yarn test` to run compiled contracts

OR `yarn test:clean` if contracts have been typings need to be updated

### Run Coverage Report for Tests

`yarn coverage`

## Installing from `npm`

`index-coop` publishes its contracts as well as [hardhat][22] and [typechain][23] compilation
artifacts to npm.

The distribution comes with fixtures for mocking and testing interactions with other protocols
including Uniswap and Compound. To use these you'll need to install the peer dependencies listed in `package.json`.

```
npm install @setprotocol/index-coop-contracts
```

[22]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/hardhat
[23]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/typechain

## Contributing

> We highly encourage participation from the community to help shape the development of Index-Coop. If you are interested in developing on `index-coop` or have any questions, please ping us on [Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/Fx8D6wyprLUlM1jMVnaRdg).

Author: ```suggestion
We highly encourage participation from the community to help shape the development of Index-Coop. If you are interested in developing on `index-coop` or have any questions, please ping us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/RKZ4S3b).
```

> 

Author: Is this the right telegram chat for index-coop?

Reviewer: I would link the Discord

## Security

### TODO: Independent Audits

### Code Coverage

All smart contracts are tested and have 100% line and branch coverage.

> ### Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

Author: Does index-coop have it's own vuln disclosure protocol?

Reviewer: Same as Set's
